-> What is Squirrel ?

Squirrel is a scripting language like Perl, Python or Tcl, but on
the contrary of those languages, which are all available on BeOS
among other, Squirrel has been designed for BeOS and it is only
available for it.

If you're not familiar with scripting language, what you need to
know is that a program is "interpreted" and not "compiled". A 
scripting language come with an interpreter that parses the 
program (also called script) at run-time. Of course, a script will
be always slower than a compiled program. However, a script is 
easier to write than a program and the development process
bypass compilation/link and hence writing an application in a 
scripting language is faster.

-> So, what's so special about Squirrel ?

Squirrel is a "Logo Dialect". Don't get me wrong, Squirrel is NOT
a programming language for kids ! Altought it is convenient
and well adapted for school use, as any Logo dialect is, I tried 
to adapt Squirrel to fit beginner and veterans programmers
needs.

The major strength of Squirrel is it easy access to some of the
BeOS keys features such as :

* File attributes (Read/Write attributes)
* Multi-Threading (Create/suspend/synchronize threads)
* Mailing ability (Build and send an email from your script)
* Graphical User Interface building (with Font sensitivite and
automatic placement)

Squirrel comes with severals Add-On providing primitives (built-in 
procedures) for you to use :

* Input/Output (console)
* Data processing (list, string)
* Data structures (Dictionary, Vector)
* Execution in background of external application
* Maths functions
....

-> What about the "turtle" ?
    
If you looking for this Logo famous feature, you will find it in Squirrel,
but with a different name : "Skippy". This tool will give your kids (or 
you) more control or power than the usual turtle, such as 
multi-threaded drawing ability. 

-> What to remember about Squirrel ?

Squirrel is a scripting language that give you the power to build your
BeOS application, quickly and easily. No C++ required ! :)

-> Want to know more ?

Check out the web site : www.electechno.com, or search on BeGroovy 
or BeOSJournal for past articles on Squirrel. On the web site, you
will find in the "Manual" section of Squirrel, the "Developer's Guide" in 
PDF format (altought it will not work correctly with BePDF due to Font
trouble, but it will work fine under Windows, sorry about that).

You could also drop me a note, jlv@bemail.org, I would like to hear from
you :)
